Added hyperlink (#2683)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/ef6/fundamentals/install.md

## EF Tools for Visual Studio

> The [Entity Framework Tools for Visual Studio](https://aka.ms/AA6i8c5) include the EF Designer and the EF Model Wizard and are required for the database first and model first workflows. EF Tools are included in all recent versions of Visual Studio. If you perform a custom install of Visual Studio you will need to ensure that the item "Entity Framework 6 Tools" is selected by either choosing a workload that includes it or by selecting it as an individual component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Entity Framework Tools for Visual Studio](/visualstudio/data-tools/entity-data-model-tools-in-visual-studio) include the EF Designer and the EF Model Wizard and are required for the database first and model first workflows. EF Tools are included in all recent versions of Visual Studio. If you perform a custom install of Visual Studio you will need to ensure that the item "Entity Framework 6 Tools" is selected by either choosing a workload that includes it or by selecting it as an individual component.
```
